# CS305
Artemis Financial Practices for Secure Software Report

Artemis Financial is a consulting company that develops individualized financial plans for its customers. The financial plans include savings, retirement, investments, and insurance. The company was seeking expertise on how to protect client data and financial information. Specifically, Artemis Financial wanted to add a file verification step to its web application to ensure secure communications so that when the web application was used to transfer data, data verification was done in the form of a checksum. 

The report adequately descibes an algorithm cipher, checksum generation, and vulnerability neutralization. These security measures are important not only because of legal and regulatory requirements, but because they protect client information and application integrity. Software security adds value to a company's overall well-being by protecting it from bad actors who exploit security systems and cause financial and reputational damage.

The vulnerability assessment was helpful to me because it showed me which libraries needed to be updated. With new kinds of cyberattacks being developed everyday, it is important to keep track of updates to security system libraries that protect the application from those latest attacks. I increased layers of security in several ways. First, by updating the vulnerable libraries. Second, by creating a keystore it enabled HTTPS for my spring boot server which allowed all traffic to be encrypted. I increased security in another way by hashing a string which showed that data could be "fingerprinted." That is, by representing a string in a static way, it allows sender and receiver to know that, for example, the correct password was sent without exposing what the actual password was.

In the future, I would still recommend using a dependency check to assess potential vulnerabilities and updating libraries where possible. The resources I would use include examples provided in class, dependency check by owasp to identify vulnerabilities, and mvnrepository.com to get the latest versions of libraries. While AI could be a useful resource, I would recommend against it when looking for the latest libraries as it will be out of date. 

To show employers my skills, knowledge, and experience I would first point them to my project zip file and show them where I implemented the keystore (application.properties), the hash function (SslServerApplication.java), and the latest library versions (pom file). After that I would share my research regarding AES-256 which covers the why behind the recommendation of AES-256 because it shows due diligence in making a recommendation.
